enhanced gas station registry consistency & maintenance features (#152)
iotaledger/gas-station: docs/common-issues.md

```log
Configuration changes requiring re-initialization detected: target_init_balance: Some(1000000000) -> Some(2000000000) but automatic reinitialization is not allowed. Please restart the gas station with the --allow-reinit flag to allow full rescan.
```

**Explanation:**

Some configuration parameters are considered "cold params" — parameters that fundamentally affect how the coin pool is structured. When these parameters change, the existing coin registry becomes incompatible and requires a full re-initialization.

Currently, the following parameters are cold params:

- **`target_init_balance`** — The target balance for each gas coin in the pool. Changing this value requires re-splitting all coins to match the new target size.

When a cold param change is detected, the Gas Station refuses to start automatically to prevent accidental data loss or extended downtime. This is a safety mechanism because:

1. Full re-initialization deletes the existing coin registry and rescans all coins from the network
2. The process can take significant time depending on the number of coins

> 3. During re-initialization, the instance enters maintenance mode, which affects all other running instances

Reviewer: Should we add a note about this effect here as well?

```suggestion
3. During re-initialization, the instance enters maintenance mode, which blocks all coin reservation requests on the current and all other running instances
```
